Add authentication note to API docs and clarify auth content in API overview (#2482)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.20/api/overview.md

**NOTE**: API keys are not supported for authentication providers such as LDAP and OIDC.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Configure an environment variable for API key authentication

Code examples in the Sensu API docs use the environment variable `$SENSU_API_KEY` to represent a valid API key in API requests.

Use [sensuctl][18] or the [APIkeys API][19] to generate an API key.
Then, follow this example to export your API key to the `SENSU_API_KEY` environment variable you can use for API authentication:

{{< language-toggle >}}

{{< highlight bash >}}
export SENSU_API_KEY="83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**NOTE**: API keys are not supported for authentication providers such as LDAP and OIDC.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Configure an environment variable for API key authentication

Code examples in the Sensu API docs use the environment variable `$SENSU_API_KEY` to represent a valid API key in API requests.

Use [sensuctl][18] or the [APIkeys API][19] to generate an API key.
Then, follow this example to export your API key to the `SENSU_API_KEY` environment variable you can use for API authentication:

{{< language-toggle >}}

{{< highlight bash >}}
export SENSU_API_KEY="83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"

{{< /highlight >}}

{{< highlight cmd >}}
SET SENSU_API_KEY="83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"
{{< /highlight >}}

{{< highlight powershell >}}
$Env:SENSU_API_KEY = "83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**NOTE**: API keys are not supported for authentication providers such as LDAP and OIDC.
{{% /notice %}}

#### Configure an environment variable for API key authentication

Code examples in the Sensu API docs use the environment variable `$SENSU_API_KEY` to represent a valid API key in API requests.

Use [sensuctl][18] or the [APIkeys API][19] to generate an API key.

> Then, follow this example to export your API key to a custom `SENSU_API_KEY` environment variable you can use for API authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, follow this example to export your API key to the `SENSU_API_KEY` environment variable you can use for API authentication:
```

{{< language-toggle >}}

{{< highlight bash >}}

> sensuctl env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

export SENSU_API_KEY="83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"

> # Run this command to configure your shell:
> # eval $(sensuctl env)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< /highlight >}}

{{< highlight cmd >}}

> sensuctl env --shell cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

SET SENSU_API_KEY="83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"
{{< /highlight >}}

{{< highlight powershell >}}

> sensuctl env --shell powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

$Env:SENSU_API_KEY = "83abef1e-e7d7-4beb-91fc-79ad90084d5b"

> # Run this command to configure your shell:
> # & sensuctl env --shell powershell | Invoke-Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
